1 2
3 what's it about a case that makes me
feel like this makes me an
optimist I guess I always jump too quick
hoping this one my stick hopelessly
romantic and you say
hey and I said
hey what is your
name come with
me cuz when I see your
face the sweetest
BL I feel like we're going to be
together this could be the end of an
AR who knows baby this could be for
ever
forever no more you're not my ti no more
at least I Tred done with the lonely
nights I guess one chapter might be done
God knows I had so fun you want is just
be you said
hey and I said
hey what is your name
come with
me cuz when I see your
face the street is
bling I feel like we're going to be
together this could be the end of an
ER who knows baby this could be
forever
forever in the clouds that she goes
butterflies let them flow another girl
falls in love another girl leaves the
club send a big kiss goodbye to all of
the pretty eyes girl falls in love
another girl leaves the
club I've lost all my
senses la la la la la la la la
la is this my happy
ending la la la la la la la la la
here she goes again the
sweetest I feel like we're going to be
together this could be the end of an
ER who knows baby this could be
forever and never in the clouds that she
gos butterflies let them FL another girl
falls in love another girl leaves the
club send a big kiss bye to all of the
pretty eyes and not falls in love and
not that y leaves the club